CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear esteemed shareholders, customers,
partners, and employees,

After 02 years of struggling to deal
with COVID-19, even Vietnam finished
2022 with a 8% GDP growth rate, its
real estate market is currently facing huge
difficulties (liquidation, cash flow, tightened
bank policy to building material firms). In that
context, Binh Minh Plastics Joint Stock Company
(BMP) showed its resilience, maintained market
share, retained position as a market leader.
Despite sales volume and revenue were not as
expected, BMP hit a profit record whose margin
was higher than other players.

To achieve the above-mentioned performance,
the below emergent efforts have played a
remarkable role in 2022:

- Policy consistency helped successfully gain
corporate competitive advantage in brand
and quality, satisfy customer segments -
those who are fond of quality to increase
value chain, than get into price competition.

- Effective supply chain management in terms
of 03 stages (Purchasing: competitive price
with optimized order quantity; Operations:
optimized utilization; Customer Satisfaction:
"on time in full" strategy to save time,
resources).

All the above factors have been founded on
competitive capability basis over the past 45
years, such as brand, quality, culture, people,
adaptation and learning ability, system,
process, and strategic partnership...

Not yet satisfy with what have achieved,
BMP keeps improving management system
and moving towards well-known DuPont
“Integrated Business Excellence” (IBE) that
help create core business mindset, enhance
effectiveness, reliability, and sustainability in
the main fields:

- Process management along with lean
manufacturing.
- De-centralization via delegation of authority.
- Active in internal and external
communication.
- Accelerate market approach via customer
segmentation.
- Focus on ESG framework with its effective
application.

Major challenges to the world and Vietnam
in 2023, causing uncertainty, are tension,
political conflicts, economic recession,
inflation, bad debt, bankruptcy, severe
competition... However, with stable resources,
effective management system, and mutual
relationship with partners, BMP is willing
to face and overcome internal and external
obstacles. With its solid and clear vision, BMP
is committed to leading Vietnam's plastic pipe
business, improving standard to meet regional
requirements, applying world-class system,
ensuring sustainable development.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board of
Directors, I would like to express sincere thanks
to all shareholders, customers, partners, and
employees for your trust, companion during
the past years of success with spirit “Better
Together”.

Best regards,

Chairman - Board Of Directors
Sakchai Patiparnpreechavud

www.binhminhplastic.com.vn 5